I just had to appear in court the stupid
thing with the police and them trying to
ban me from owning any weapons that's
still going on
problem is I'm still waiting for the
psychiatric assessment from the
psychiatrist so I just had to explain to
a judge that I have to wait on that
assessment
until they can kind of make a ruling on
it I think it's really positive that in
the 21st century people with serious
mental health problems come on the
internet and talk about them that didn't
happen in any other century didn't
happen just a few decades ago you didn't
get the perspective of people who
suffered things like hallucination and
vegan gains I think is doing some really
positive but coming the internet and
talking but what it's like to be someone
who suffers from hallucinations whatever
his underlying medical condition maybe I
don't know I assume I will never know
maybe he will get a diagnosis I know
he's an MRI scans done and that sort of
thing that's certainly very positive no
on the other hand I think even if you
just asked Richard this Richard is
speaking gains if you described his
symptoms that he has and he said Richard
somebody else who has this checklist of
symptoms and problems do you think they
should be stockpiling weapons do you
think they should be carrying a knife
when they go around town do you think
they should between these things that
you are doing by your count by your
honor's description if somebody with
this checklist of symptoms was seeing
things on the internet such as you've
been saying in terms of making threats
against people and so on you know do you
think that would be a problem now I
think just one year ago I think he would
have been kind of affable and
self-effacing or to said yes he would
have admitted it's a problem when people
who are crazy or even people who
diagnose themselves as crazy because
again to give him credit he does
diagnose himself as having some kind of
serious mental disorder I think one year
ago he would have said that yes it was a
reasonable concern for someone with such
serious mental health problems to be
acting out in this way so it's a bad
sign we can say that I think that just
one year ago he would have been
self-effacing enough to recognize yeah
this is a problem he would see it as a
problem
others and therefore we be willing to
see it as a problem in himself I think
that today his political position has
hardened I know he's made videos lately
that are repeating talking points from
the pro-gun lobby from the 1980s that
weren't even believable or credible
1980s he's using tired old memes about
oh well the Nazis would have never come
to power if only there were more guns in
the streets of Berlin and you know
that's that's sad in many different ways
it's sad partly because it just shows
vegan gains and ask yourself have this
in common I don't think either those
guys have ever read a book I mean I
don't think he's read one book on the
history of what happened in Berlin when
the Nazis rose to power I don't think we
have one book that describes the gun
violence that was on the streets from
corner to corner from coffee shop to
coffee shop from pub to pub in the years
leading up to as ponds rise the Nazis
and the role of gun ownership or guns
being really available there it's it's a
lie built on a lie built on a lie and it
reflects a really kind of bad set of
motivations on his part but those
political beliefs which are his his
beliefs directed outward I think in
large part they reflect a self
justification directed inward that he
doesn't want to deal with anymore what
I've just suggested that if he applied
rationally his own standards to himself
as he would apply them to another person
in that situation another person with
the same symptoms stockpiling arms
acting out in the internet making
threats in the earth way is I think a
part of him feels a great sense of shame
and guilt that he really does believe
the police ought to intervene in those
circumstances he believes the police
ought to intervene against him and it's
easier for him to subscribe to a kind of
air SATs right-wing ideology which I
know he didn't believe in just two years
ago so I used to talk to the guy he used
to describe himself as a socialist even
it's not the hunka Co he used to
describe himself as quite left-wing on a
number of issues and generally but he's
now putting together a bird's nest of
bits and pieces of political ideology
that are projected outward their claims
about society their claims about the
world but I think they're real
psychological function is projecting
inward it's a self
justification in the strictest sense of
the term